Fix: state diagram default direction update (#6295)
mermaid-js/mermaid: .changeset/weak-trees-perform.md

---
'mermaid': patch
---

> In State Diagram refactored getDirection to retrieve the direction from rootDoc, defaulting to DEFAULT_DIAGRAM_DIRECTION and Updated setDirection to modify the existing direction if found or prepend a new entry if not.

Reviewer: Changeset can be brief, if someone wants to get details, the PR will be linked in changelog. 

```suggestion
fix: `getDirection` and `setDirection` in `stateDb` refactored to return and set actual direction
```
